Added Overview of RHOBS, Observatorium, Telemeter and MST (#21)
rhobs/handbook: content/Projects/Observability/RHOBS/telemeter.md

# RHOBS: Telemeter

> For RHOBS Overview see [this document](README.md)

> Telemeter is the metric only hard tenant of RHOBS service designed for centralized Openshift Telemetry pipelined for Openshift Container Platform. It is an essential part of gathering the real time telemetry for remote health monitoring, automation and billing purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Telemeter is the metrics-only hard tenant of the RHOBS service designed as a centralized OpenShift Telemetry pipeline for OpenShift Container Platform. It is an essential part of gathering real time telemetry for remote health monitoring, automation and billing purposes.
```

> *Official Openshift Documentation*: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/support/remote_health_monitoring/about-remote-health-monitoring.html#telemetry-about-telemetry_about-remote-health-monitoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Official OpenShift Documentation*: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/support/remote_health_monitoring/about-remote-health-monitoring.html#telemetry-about-telemetry_about-remote-health-monitoring
```

Reviewer 2: s/4.6/4.7/ (maybe 4.8?)

Author: yes - 4.8 is under auth, so took 4.7 (:

## Product Managers

* Blair Rampling
* Christian Heidenreich

## Support

To escalate issues use, depending on issue type:

> * For questions related to the service or kind of data it ingests use `telemetry-sme@redhat.com` (internal) mail address. For quick questions you can try to use `#forum-telemetry` on CoreOS Slack.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* For questions related to the service or kind of data it ingests use `telemetry-sme@redhat.com` (internal) mail address. For quick questions you can try to use [#forum-telemetry](https://coreos.slack.com/archives/CEG5ZJQ1G) on CoreOS Slack.
```

* For functional bugs or feature requests use Bugzilla, with Product: `Openshift Container Platform` and `Telemeter` component ([example bug](https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1914956)). You can additionally notify us about new bug on `#forum-telemetry` on CoreOS Slack.

> * For functional bugs or feature request for historical storage (Data Hub) use PNT Jira project

Reviewer: Adding a period for consistency
```suggestion
* For functional bugs or feature request for historical storage (Data Hub) use PNT Jira project.
```

|-----------------------|-------------------|--------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `/write` Availability | 2020/2019         | Internal (default) | 99% success rate for incoming [requests](#write-limits)                         | This depends on SSO RedHat com SLO (98.5%). In worst case (everyone needs to refresh token) we have below 98.5%, in the avg case with caching being 5m (we cannot change it) ~99% (assuming we can preserve 5m) |
| `/write` Latency      | 2020/2019         | Internal (default) | 95% of [requests](#write-limits) < 250ms, 99% of [requests](#write-limits) < 1s |                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

##### Write Limits

> Within our SLO the write request to be valid it has to match following criteria:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within our SLO, the write request must match following criteria to be considered valid:
```

* Valid remote write requests using official remote write protocol (See conformance test)
* Valid credentials: (explanation TBD)
* Max samples: TBD
* Max series: TBD
* Rate limit: TBD

TODO: Provide example tune-ed client Prometheus configurations for remote write

> ### Escalation

Reviewer 3: Needs expanding or removing :)
